Create readme template (#28)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unreal-engine-samples: templates/readme.md

# <!-- Title of the sample. Start with a verb. It doesn't need to match exactly with the sample project file. -->

<!-- Short description of what the sample demonstrates. -->

<!-- ![Image title](image_file_name.jpg). -->

## How to use the sample

<!-- This is the section where users can find information about how to see what the sample demonstrates. -->

> <!-- Explain what the sample demonstrates more than the short description above at the beginning of this section. Include what steps users need to take in order to see the function from what sample level users should open. If there are any specific steps that are required after clicking play such as pressing a button/clicking in the viewport/any other specific controls should be here. Also, if there are any deployment steps required such as a VR sample, that instruction should be here. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Explain what the sample demonstrates more than the short description above at the beginning of this section. Include what steps users need to follow in order to see the function from what sample level users should open. If there are any specific steps that are required after clicking play such as pressing a button/clicking in the viewport/any other specific controls, they should be here, too. Also, if there are any deployment steps required such as in a VR sample, that instruction should be here. -->
```

## How it works

> <!-- This is the section where users can find information about how it's done to demonstrate the function. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- This is the section where users can find information about how the sample is done to demonstrate the function. -->
```

<!-- This section can be in steps or subsections. If there are any words that can be linked to any doc page, ours and other Esri pages, it's highly recommended to add them. If there is any Unreal Engine documentation such as API Ref that is useful for users to understand, it will be nice to provide them. -->

## Tags

<!-- Add tags. Check other samples to see what tags are used. -->

> <!-- If you work with both Unity and Unreal Engine, be careful not to mix up Unity terms and Unreal Engine terms. -->

Reviewer: this last sentence can be put in the beginning

Author: I cannot test if having a hidden comments line at the top of the MD file causes any issues for site building. But I know having this here won't be a problem. Since these hidden comments could be forgotten to be deleted, I put them here. 
But I know what you mean. I think this is something everyone should be aware of without mentioning it. It is just a reminder, so I think I will keep this here.
